                                                       
                                                        Servers
A server is a physical computer that runs software services that other computer devices or software can access.
Servers are distinguished by the service that they provide. Common use cases for servers include the following:
• Web server: Stores and distributes web pages and other web content by using HTTP
File server: Stores and distributes files
• Database server: Stores databases and manages access to the databases
• Print server: Controls and manages one or more remote printers on the network
Mail server: Stores and delivers email, like a digital post office
Proxy server: Improves security by acting as an intermediary for requests from clients that are seeking resources

                                                    Network Node/Client

A network node or client is a computer hardware device that accesses a service under the management of another
computer hardware device, called a server. The server is typically located on a separate physical computer. The node or
client must connect to the server over the network to access the service.
For example, suppose that you must access a collection of files that are shared among the workers in your organization.
A computer hardware device (the file server) is set up to store and distribute these files. When a user must access a file,
they use their client hardware device, which is typically another computer. The client device connects to the file server
over the network to retrieve the file.
Common examples of nodes on a network include the following:
Computers
Printers
Fax machines
Personal devices (cell phones, tablets, and others)
P 8

                                                       Router
A router is a network device that connects multiple network segments into one network. It is located at any gateway
(where one network meets another). The router connects multiple switches and their respective networks to enable
communication between the different networks. It acts as a switch between networks and can also filter the data that
flows through it. As soon as the router is connected, it can make intelligent decisions about how best to get network
data to its destination. It bases these decisions on network performance data that it gathers from the network itself.
Switch
POP
Department A nodes
Router
Switch
000
Department B nodes

                                                       Hub
 A hub is the device that connects all the nodes of a network together. Any transmitted data that is received on one
port is rebroadcast to all the other ports on the hub. Therefore, if one node sends it, all the others receive it, but only
the intended recipient listens to it.

                                                    Switch: 
A switch connects multiple nodes of a network together. However, they have an important difference
A hub rebroadcasts any signal that it receives on one port to all the others. A switch makes a direct link between the
transmitting device and receiving device. Any device that is not the intended target will not receive the transmission.
The benefit of a switch over a hub is that the switch improves performance because it doesn't waste bandwidth on
unnecessary transmissions.  


                                                        ISP

An internet service provider (ISP) is an organization that provides internet access to its customers. Without the
services that an ISP offers, you would not be able to access other networks on the internet.

                                                      Cloud

The Cloud is on-demand delivery of IT resources over the internet.You don't need to buy,own, and maintain
physical data centeres and servers.Instead you can access technology services,such as servers,storage and 
databases on an as needed basics from a cloud provider like AWS,GCP,Azure
Many networkinf architecture rely completely on a servers in the cloud rather than on-premises.Other
network architecture use a hybrid approach which include using seervers in the cloud and servers on premises